Good afternoon, hello, hello from
Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, where are you from, the
Republic of Komi, the city of Pechora, Pechora, in a
coma, is Syktyvkar, the
capital,
printed there? How big is the city,
about 40,000
?
I consider it inevitable,
well, as you understand, inevitability is difficult to
support or not support Yes, the
Second World War was an
inevitability as a historian Say yes,
World War II This continuation of the first
turns out Hitler is not to blame So
Of course, it’s to blame as it was
inevitability, nothing depended on him
And in Germany, in any  if a
revanchist regime would come to power following the results of the
Versailles peace, remember that Marshall
just turns out Hitler is guilty or
not guilty, specifically guilty
not a single
direction Such phenomena
begin not to attack Poland
if there is a choice to attack
but all night long a person makes a decision the
truth
makes a decision not a single person a
group of people in groups that come to
power one way or another Hitler is quite
democratic as we remember and
he was led by a class of networks of forces that  they didn’t
understand Why Germany lost the
First World War Well then, let’s
analyze it then by this analogy Yes, this is
also a war against Ukraine, inevitability and
who is to blame then in this war, there
we understood inevitability Hitler
’s fault here inevitability Who is to blame
inevitability but in the First World War
Now I will tell who  to blame for the war
over Ukraine in the First World War,
those representatives of the Entente
who concluded the Treaty of Versailles are to blame and
thus humiliated Germany while
not taking away the Left Bank of the Rain River from Germany,
that is, including, for example, the
American president, what now And
who is to blame here you  not against
Ukraine, who is to blame here in  uh,
names like Yeltsin
Kravchuk say something, that is, it
turns out that Yeltsin and Kravchuk are to blame,
but there are bears on the way, for example.
Well, to some extent natural
bears, Putin will agree.
Well, they are a continuation of the collapse of the
Soviet Union, let's say this is how the
post-Soviet phenomenon happens on us, for example,
Lithuania
did not attack us there, for example, Moldova
does not border Moldova, Moldova has its own
Transnistria, they have their own problems, the
number is higher so well Why, for example,
Kazakhstan did not attack there, for example  on you
or you on Kazakhstan
Well, because in Kazakhstan we didn’t
have those problems that arose from
Ukraine
What problems Let’s I can’t understand It
’s your fault when almost
any Empire breaks up on its ruins,
centrifugal Forces arise as centrifugal Forces move away from the
imperial center as far as possible  peppers
evil occupiers and so on and so the center of the
swift force it was  our common home
Let's get it back
For Putin it was already an inevitability there was a
war
and why then for Yeltsin there was no
inevitability of the collapse of the Soviet Union
Yes, after August
, they After December until December 20
, December 26, they fell apart and the collapse
inevitably began after the type
lost the
defeat of the CCP from that moment on, the collapse of the
Soviet Union. What is the fault of
Yeltsin and Kravchuk then,
they didn’t even
try to save
it?  states and
Ukraine
from the post yet What is the fault of the Soviet
Union collapsed because of what
Kravchuk did not
provide internally.
at the time of the Civil Code of the type
our own
Gorbachev, not this one did not hold the
Soviet Union conditionally, but Yeltsin
and Kr are to blame  avchuk
Putin attacked Ukraine Yeltsin is to blame
Kravchuk doesn’t it seem to you
that you have something historical thoughts
if you deign to listen to the end
Yes, and Kravchuk is to blame for what he did not
provide a national unified
consensus for the country, the same
could be said  about Shushkevich to Shushkevich on
time Shushkevich replaced
Lukashenka on time Belarus was wildly lucky in this
regard
and here is your attack on Ukraine
we have a concept to shoot you what difference does it make
that you attacked us here you are as
historians Putin is to blame for the fact that he
attacked in Ukraine the
way Putin fulfills
the legal justification for all this is the
conclusion of an agreement yes yes look
Hitler also legally had some
things yes that is, it turns out No don’t
look Hitler too Hitler also proceeded
from some good intentions he
dispersed from good intentions in
relation to Germany to the German people
And most importantly to the German  capital
Putin is absolutely the same. He leaves
the interests of the Russian  kind and
Russian capital Absolutely true, the
same thing in parallel,
only Putin formalizes everything
legally, we do not seize, we are
holding a fake referendum in the occupied
territories, this is Absolutely true Yes, we
hold referendums, secondly, we have not
invaded the territory of Ukraine, we
provide military military assistance and
to those territories where  we invaded in the
fourteenth year Absolutely right
, it turns out this is a
legal zero, it
just turns out that you are a very
interesting historian
when Hitler attacks it is historically yes,
like there, but Hitler is to blame, after all,
to blame
for the attack on Poland, to blame the
attack on Poland, the attack on Poland
was not provoked, therefore, to
blame  yes, that is, when we
can still talk about Hitler now, you will have a bunch of examples, you
will have Hitler for some reason, Hitler is to blame Hitler
attacked the USSR, he is to blame for the fact that the
USSR attacked the pact, not the attack,
wait, he is to blame, or is it
historically so, you understand that
inevitability was necessary,
but for  Hitler is the EU  Naturally, the
inevitability of the
attack is
absolutely Russia violated the
treaty of friendship with Ukraine to cooperate 1997, the
time was
in the fourteenth year Russia violated
the same conflict, the war has been going on since 14
, the
seizure of Crimea, the seizure of parts of the territory of the
Donetsk Luhansk region
in Crimea, in Crimea, in Crimea,
Russia left as an Independent, see  once again
in Crimea, Russian troops seized airports up to the
territory of the parliament there, that
is, they completely controlled the peninsula already.
Russian intervention
began in February 14, I think you will not
dispute Russian troops in
Crimea, they were at certain
bases when they could not be in
parliament, though the
stone is  everything, that is, it turns out We
see that Russia violated the friendship agreement and
cooperation, just as you
say that Russia Hitler violated the
Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact Yes, only the cooperation agreement was
signed with the
state of Ukraine
and after the coup
on February 24, 14, the
state of Ukraine was not
Tell me, Dear historian, starballer, two things Why are some constitutional contradictions Yes, in the middle of the state become a reason for illegitimacy and invasion of a foreign state, and second, show me What document recognized the illegitimacy of what happened in Ukraine by a resolution of the Parliament of the Republic of Crimea dated March 11, 2014, you say what was the overthrow in Ukraine Tell me now when the constitutional system was overthrown in Ukraine tell me which one. Is it 22 In what form did they shoot the president there or maybe Yeltsin from the parliament shot something like this? we had That's what a non-constitutional event on Maidan Square Independence of the adjacent territories in Kyiv from November 13 February 14, the coward scoundrels, scoundrels, and so on, were removed from power, and so on. did it wasn't him  Pichmenta Well, how was it
removed from power how was it removed from
power who removed the decision of the
Verkhovna Rada what was in the decision
what removal from power came out
laughing
sense what is in the decision of the Verkhovna
Rada What removal from power is
interesting
there What is there to remove from power Now
I will find let me also  now
Is it possible that someone was removed from power in our country
and we are trying to find the document itself
traditional Google images images
look for the document legally Yes, I am looking for
documents with signatures, this is how I communicate with
documents, I try to go to the
website of the Supreme Council and find it
unfortunately On many Ukrainian sites  I
can’t log in for
technical reasons
portraits of Yanukovych dofiga, yes,
yes Well, let’s crawl Wikipedia like this
[music]
read now the story
must read specific papers is
not given to receive the
law of ra  yes Hof YuA
Okay
, we have difficulty with the text itself
Thanks to Roskomnadzor, you
bastard, okay, so let’s try to go the other way
[music]
write
oh
So you
still said that you can’t bypass
Roskomnadzor, you can and so the decision of the
Supreme Rada of Ukraine Well, here the translation into
Russian is already it  the elimination of the president of
Ukraine itself, the exercise of powers, the appointment
outside the regular presidential elections in Ukraine,
given that the president of Ukraine in Yankovych
withdrew Well, let's get the
powers that threaten the manageability of the
state, the territorial integrity, the
sovereignty of Ukraine, a mass violation of
Orthodox civil necessity,
expressing the sovereign will of the Ukrainian
people, as they know it is understandable, but
nevertheless the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine
decides first to establish that
President Viktor Yanukovych in an
unconstitutional way
withdrew his powers is the
seventh part of the first article of the Constitution of
Ukraine so we immediately find
there about the choice Let's read what is
in this document that you found t  we
called elections and that yes, somewhere what you
said
that they overthrew they removed from the power of
Ukraine they
recognized that he
fled again yes you said that he was removed
you can find that the Verkhovna Rada
removes him there is such a
[music]
7 part 1 article 85
article 85 now let's go article 85 the
Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine is the powers of the
Verkhovna Rada
article 85
big so
There's just
no Verkhovna Rada
to appoint we
return to the decision you said
You said Wait you said that the
basis there is not what you
you said that
Yanukovych was dismissed, you can find that the
Verkhovna Rada is dismissing Yanukovych There is a
phrase in your translation of the Russian one,
I look at the Ukrainian text, it
corresponds to what you counted in
Russian Yes, there is something that the Verkhovna Rada is
dismissing there is
now we will continue further with the
next decision Don't let's Here we are with this
we'll figure it out don't run away eat it
I'll put it
in this particular resolution, what removes him or what is this resolution about now, what is this resolution about, we have already analyzed that the Verkhovna Rada does not remove Yanukovych for them True, it states the legal fact of something that Yanukovych does not remove himself, that is Absolutely true, that is, the Verkhovna Rada did not remove Yanukovych by this resolution it consolidated the legal fact that he withdrew himself, so that is, when you say that he was eliminated there, yes, it’s not true, they don’t refer to any document, look again, let’s do it, let’s ride like that Wait Verkhovna Rada The Verkhovna Rada the resolution was signed by Turchinov February 22 February 22 Yanukovych is there where he was only in Donetsk in Kharkov, in my opinion, wandered around That is, even when Crimea had not yet reached, that is, he simply did not fight in Kyiv where he fought from Yes, now look where he was there It's none of your business That's really not yours he was there in a bathhouse with girls in Kharkov in Russia once again I listened to you  Shut up the
Supreme Council as an absolutely legitimate
body parliament elected by the entire
population of Ukraine
absolutely legitimate So
the Verkhovna Rada adopted a resolution is
authorized to adopt a resolution so
it adopts a lot of different resolutions
if you think that this
resolution was unconstitutional
Please tell me please open the same
Constitution and tell me Which body
determines not  the constitutionality of this or
that normative legal act according to the
constitution
Let me tell you to the constitutional
court of Ukraine, so if Yanukovych, according to you,
was in Kharkiv, the Constitutional
Court, wait for the
constitutional court, there was some kind of
appeal from Yanukovych from the Party of
Regions from any entity that
can constitutional fall Was there
any appeal  about whether to recognize or
pay
for whether the
decision of the Verkhovna Rada complies with the Constitution was such
or
not There was
not a single subject, including
Yanukovych, then not because of the next 8-9
years Did not apply to  The Constitutional Court
on the basis of which you are
some historian in the Russian Federation
saying that it is not constitutional if,
according to the Constitution of Ukraine, only the
constitutional court can determine the
compliance with the Constitution or the
inconsistency of this or that
normative law,
now I will get here because the
remnants were just changing and I am trying to find when I
don’t care  they didn’t change it Well, they even changed
it, I already had one such clown like
there, he also googled for an hour there,
and that like that now collect the second
collection collects so the
restoration of 2004 can
look for something, look, there was someone disputed
that this is not a constitutional act of the
decision of the Supreme  We are glad to the
constitutional court to submit
some documents was quite
pointless. What do you mean enough,
some kind of nonsense you are now talking about, that is, it is
more profitable than the season; now it was
pointless to file these documents.
find
who appoints a judge of the Supreme Court
in Ukraine, well, tell me how many of them
[music]
in the old way
,
if I'm not mistaken, the president says the
Verkhovna Rada should agree, what
is it or vice versa appoint everywhere
how many judges in the supreme court in the
constitutional court of Ukraine I don't know 18
how they are appointed
Well  President, if my memory fails me at all
, it changes a lot There six
appoints one subject 6 appoints
another 6 appoints another subject in
order to
Which subject
Who appoints the judges of the Supreme Court of
Ukraine to look at something you
read the constitution and by the way now I’ll look right in the
Constitution
look for half an hour
not  you understand
how they crap a little bit we’ll drive you to the
constitutional court of Ukraine
[music]
so 18 the
president of Ukraine of the Supreme Joy
perfectly means the president
appoints 6 judges 6 judges appoints the
Supreme Council and 6 people appoint this
president can appoint judges when he
considers the Verkhovna Rada in its own way if the
Verkhovna Rada in its own way  his  changed the quota 6
judges who counted She has this
right has what questions you have 12
others
so And it’s clear that you already damn it I already
went through this with more than one clown
You can make a whole Battle with you so it’s
shorter to call and so that you sit for an hour
looking for tormented  you, yes, somehow
In any case, Crimeans with this again,
let's not jump topics on the topic
Come on, you said the coup was
unconstitutional We just
realized that
there was no
constitutional court
look again
you read out you read out you read out that he didn’t
remove him no one removed him
really you read it I didn’t read it to you
so if you or someone else,
for example, some psychos out there somewhere in
other countries  consider that
this decision is unconstitutional, they
should rely on the decision there, the
decision of the Constitutional Court, as well as,
for example, a vicious crime, there is a
court that examines guilt or
innocence, and the constitutional court is also the
only body in Ukraine that
can help
explain whether or not
the Constitution is completely inconsistent
or certain norms of which  -some
regulatory legal acts if you look
still you have at least some kind of decision in 9 years
or at least an
appeal to the Constitution to the
Constitutional Court on this matter
we’re closing you so well,
that means everything was constitutional to the
Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, which means that it was the
duties of the President of Ukraine in accordance
with Article 112 of the Constitution of Ukraine, we
open it again, look again,
you have some claims that are not
constitutional Yes, look, I’m coming
again  look at me  I go to the website of the
Verkhovna Rada, open this
resolution,
it really won’t be rendered in 9 years
. How do you say it in Russian?
then the
uncle, in short, is a pseudo-historian from Russia,
say that he is not constitutional
Open the Constitution and tell us more
According to the Constitution, who determines which body
begins to belong to the
Constitution and that your new normative
legal act We decided the constitutional
court to sue when
we make a coup in the state
once again see the
constitutional court  this is what is needed in
order to resolve disputes between
authorities publishes the constitutional court
again here you go into the history of the
constitutional court there were a lot of
decisions of the Supreme Council or
acts of the
cabinet of ministers or acts of the president
that the constitutional court considered
and said No they do not correspond
there
was no appeal and still is not present
If we have
always had a contradiction between the branches of power
, for example, the president issues a decree, the
deputies appeal that it does not
comply with the Constitution, for example, the
constitutional court considers
whether it complies or
everything else does not comply  - this is
just your lyrics So you are not a person who,
uh, is endowed with, let's say, knowledge and full of
important powers to determine the
constitutionality or
unconstitutionality of
Yanukovych
filed to the Constitutional Court in 9 years or
not
no I believe that he believes that he
controls with the Ukrainian authorities
considers you do not count  For example, if
you have some kind of dispute property
neighbors If you didn’t file because you
think that something is wrong there, it’s
your problem if so you can
refer there is
someone from the fugitives
we see for 9 years this tale could be
told  in the first weeks we see for 9
years more
than one subject filed with the Constitution
so that at least they consider that it
does not comply with the Constitution, because
everyone in Ukraine understands that a person
with a more or less legal education
understands that everything was absolutely
correct if you think that there was a
violation of the Constitution You should sell the
constitutional court It’s not  he can
just take a look, then he
considers, he refers to specific
norms of the Constitution, he refers to the legal
situation,
he makes his conclusion, everything else,
this is your personal opinion.
constitutional, I won’t spend
much time on you
looking at the Verkhovna Rada can’t
once again who the Verkhovna Rada
can appoint a judge according to its quota appoint Yes
dismiss no appoint Can change
why you decided to change No once again the
Verkhovna Rada replaced its quota so
If you again  think that she could
not do it  these judges, there were
six people who were illegally removed according to your
4th law illegally removed 4
one of them filed with the Constitutional
Court about
unconstitutionality again the constitutional court made
some decision Yes that it was
unconstitutional,
you can replace the document for me there was no more
document show No now now
look there is no such thing so here we are Let's
spend a lot of time on you already
we will summarize
every
[ __ ] of someone pseudo-history in the Russian
Federation they think that he knows the
legislation of Ukraine better than
lawyers in Ukraine he thinks that he knows
better what  wants the Ukrainian people than the
Ukrainian people themselves, when you
start to carry you on the facts demanding
paper evidence of documents, they
all slander yours, you start looking
and clicking your eyes, learn Glory to Ukraine, the
Russian Federation will fall apart,
we won’t return to it for an hour Batu
would just stream, but here you can  it
would
stream a year tormented just to get over it
write down the bomber And so I love I love to
allow such
pseudo smarties Yes, who they are sitting, they
think when you start it Come on,
he reads his
eyes, he claps, he starts the
inner mop starts to tremble and he
looks so pitiful, he was so impudent, and
then when, according to the documents,
we probably get
emotional enjoyment of bullying
intellectual legally bullying
with all these turnarounds
so let's move on Yes Like it lasts
for such a mining job
Like Like it for such a good
job  understand yes, what the
hell, these Russian balabols behind Ukraine are true
Like subscribe to the channel
subscribe to the channel If you still haven’t
subscribed and we’re collapsing yes